[[resources-files]]
= Files

The file resource is used to interact with the application file system


[[resources-files-list]]
== User
Resource used to interact with the current user files

=== Get User Files
Lists the user files for the specified path. If no path is specified, the files in the user root folder will be listed

==== Parameters
include::{snippets}/files/get-user-files/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Example Request
include::{snippets}/files/get-user-files/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example Response
include::{snippets}/files/get-user-files/http-response.adoc[]

=== Upload User Files
Uploads the given files to the specified path. If no path is specified, the files will be uploaded to the user's root folder

==== Parameters
include::{snippets}/files/upload-user-files/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Example Request
include::{snippets}/files/upload-user-files/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example Response
include::{snippets}/files/upload-user-files/http-response.adoc[]

=== Delete User Files
Deletes the file specified in the path. A path for a specific file must be specified. If no path is specified or the given path points to a directory, an exception will be thrown.

==== Parameters
include::{snippets}/files/delete-user-files/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Example Request
include::{snippets}/files/delete-user-files/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example Response
include::{snippets}/files/delete-user-files/http-response.adoc[]


== Groups
Resource used to interact with the groups files. Group name parameter is required for all the request in this resource.

=== Get Group Files
Lists the files for the group with the given name in the specified path. If no path is specified, the files in the group root folder will be listed

==== Parameters
include::{snippets}/files/get-group-files/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Example Request
include::{snippets}/files/get-group-files/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example Response
include::{snippets}/files/get-group-files/http-response.adoc[]

=== Upload Group Files
Uploads the given files to the specified path. If no path is specified, the files will be uploaded to the group's root folder

==== Parameters
include::{snippets}/files/upload-group-files/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Example Request
include::{snippets}/files/upload-group-files/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example Response
include::{snippets}/files/upload-group-files/http-response.adoc[]

=== Delete Group Files
Deletes the file specified in the path. A path for a specific file must be specified. If no path is specified or the given path points to a directory, an exception will be thrown.

==== Parameters
include::{snippets}/files/delete-group-files/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Example Request
include::{snippets}/files/delete-group-files/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example Response
include::{snippets}/files/delete-group-files/http-response.adoc[]


== Special Cases

=== Get Specific File
Gets information for a specific file. It can be used for both, users and groups, following the same conventions above.

==== Parameters
===== Path Parameters
include::{snippets}/files/get-specific-file/path-parameters.adoc[]

===== Query Parameters
include::{snippets}/files/get-specific-file/request-parameters.adoc[]
The show archive parameter can also be used for both, users and groups, with the same effect.

==== Example Request
include::{snippets}/files/get-specific-file/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example Response
include::{snippets}/files/get-specific-file/http-response.adoc[]
